I've been away for 10 years.
I didn't expect the hero to be full of masters like you
Pass on my life
Assemble the Peerless Army
Journey Hotel
Summon the four families
I want to clean out the domestic residence
Zhao Nv, didn't you say you want to avenge Zhao Wuji?
Then I will perform martial arts at Zhengcheng Hotel
I always suspect that your Zhao family has a front door
I want you to be buried with me now
In front of the Supreme, you dare to be presumptuous of mortals
All on your knees
worship supreme
Kneel down kneel down
Zhao Ming, go tell all you Zhao family members
Let them go to the rescue troops as much as they like
I'll be waiting for them at the Zhengcheng Hotel
If you dare not come
Don't worry, I will go to your Zhao family too.
Don't worry, the Zhao family will definitely go.
If you dare to hurt Brother Long's hair
I will definitely tear you to pieces
If you can't resist
He will definitely be torn to pieces
Zhao Min's younger brother
You thought you had to come and save me?